Update main README (#18)
scverse/cookiecutter-scverse: README.md

# Scverse Cookiecutter Template

The purpose of this template is to get you started quickly building a best-practice python library for a [scverse][] ecosystem package.
Ecosystem packages are independent software libraries that interact with scverse core packages and depend on [anndata][] and [mudata][] data structures.

## Features

> -   [flit][] as build system
> -   [bump2version][]
> -   [pre-commit][] checks
> -   continuous integration using GitHub actions.
> -   documentation built on [readthedocs][]
> -   tutorials built with [nbsphinx][]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   continuous integration using GitHub actions.
-   [pre-commit][] checks
-   tutorials built with [nbsphinx][]
-   documentation hosted by [readthedocs][]
-   [flit][] as build system
-   [bump2version][]
```
